behind
Hi, I'm beats and I'm going to present you
anime review since they are always
asking you to recommend animes and
well I know that sometimes I looked for
some side for the other but good I decided
what is more convenient to do the reviews
on video now let's talk about single
kino that today and this year I'm so
popular these days and that surely
some of you have already seen but
for those who do not, I'm going to explain
what it is about and see if it is a father or not
chinguen kilo who is a food made
Jaime and it's called good to made the manga and
at first he introduced it to the people
of Sweden to be published in their
weekly magazine and they told him it was
as very young and as good as not
He was so young and they wanted happiness
more youthful for he liked its
readers
then he has to change so many
things that he said no and better he left
with those of codensa and he introduced them to
them that they liked and good already
made a success the michael after
they did in the anime
now the important thing that treats good
Well, that's a manga, as I was saying
that are published with anxiety then
good session time the is directed to
the male sector as of 15 years in
go ahead but for everyone we like
it does not matter that we are not
men and good of what it treats therefore
assumes that 100 years ago humanity
was attacked by some big monsters
that are known as titans then
like humans who walk in squares
of a stupid smile that they do so
and what they do is they eat the
people like me I eat
then they are happy and they swallow people and
then how were many days very
large and measure between 3 to 15 meters
height then humanity began to
be devastated and that's why they had to
take refuge in a city and if in a
city ​​that has three circles
concentric that are three barriers each
one of these has a name rosen maria
and I do not remember the other one but the point is
that humanity lived like that for a hundred
years and nobody knows it attacked until
obvious we get to where it is in
history and we find a
child although it is called eren who lives with
his mom with his dad and with a sister
adoptive axxion in my house then
well obviously you now in that
Something is going to happen
an enormous titan of more than 50 meters of
height that pierces the city's best
one of the
most external cities and then the
pierce with the knee and begin to
enter the little titans
small ones that come 3 to 15 meters and
then it begins to be a chaos in
the city ​​and good happened was something that
you can not fight them all this happens in
chapter 1 the point is that they are with
my house and with another friend of yours who
call someone who is like more
intellectual they decide they want to finish
with these titans and then they join
a special team a special force
that attack the titans as well as with
some ties they hang as with
some ties and so they jump and they hit
the titans and you will see what is
its weak point redouble but the father of
these of this series is that it is
quite board not quite but it 's something
dor
and then the titans are half
you are all that as I take them
humans in squares and they are pretty
violent, all they do is eat and
eat then if we see enough action
the story is more or less good
the interesting is going through the chapters
pretty fast that is not all are
so linear there are jumps in time and
then we are seeing the evolution of
humans and how are they attacking these
titans
Well, it's pretty good because it's not
is that they see them so easy and now they do not
are you seeing then if it gives you a little
as of despair so far
18 chapters have gone that the
can you see they will be in total 25
the more one goes and the better the best is
first season after you're in another
the series as it begins to move forward as
better some people say they
despair of a little of the character
but what I do tell you is that
the first chapters are very
exciting and you can see them and
then they judge whether they want to continue
seeing more or not if they like the gori that
see the blood and how the
people are father if they like the
action is also father fighting
are more or less characters
so interesting manuel in that classic
main character that I think can
with everyone and he was going to attack and going to
save humanity and have a
very interesting feature for the
which then goes on making layers
better to realize your goal but
you and to the truth my house is a
girl of this
colloquial and bridge that is like that
very rude and very good and is an expert and
then practically nothing
nothing hurts him but he has a past
interesting and good and armin is another
güerito boy who is more intellectual than
of better is not so good physically
but he is also friends with them and has
good ideas and good strategies for
go forward then good is a
destination that today you can find it
very easy on any side also it
they are making four games that the
It makes production there and good they will come out
by September of December of this year
and also you are planning a live
action I do not know why the Japanese
always making evasion of all and what
that make chingón is the anime not
necessarily the movies but good
but they are exploiting the series and
so then if you want to see zinc equine
what or jeans and I recommend him I'm
watching I'm liking and well that's
everything I say goodbye and coming soon
would present them another capsule from another
anime
tomorrow to save you
and then I say goodbye and I'm saying goodbye
you before I eat it